# get-sylly
Python implementation of a basic syllable counter (and subsequent test files) for Professor David Chiang's Theory of Computing Course (CSE 30151).

Author: Nicholas C. Jones (njones7)
Date: 22  March 2016

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

INSTRUCTIONS:

Building: 

	Fortunately, this program is already built to specifications. 	As all of the project code is self-contained in the file GetSylly.py, no special building is required.

Running:
	In order to run this program, one needs simply use a computer with Python installed, and run the command '$ python GetSylly.py'. If a user uses an IDE to interpret Python code, they should load the file into the IDE and execute the code as is done in said IDE.

Using:	

	Use of this program is primarily explained through the interactive menu. Upon initial execution, the user is welcomed, and given instructions. While there is a small dictionary of words already included at startup (primarily the first words that came to mind when writing the program), the user can enter '+' at the menu to add a word to one of the dictionaries by following the given instructions. At the menu, the user is also able to enter 'Q' to quit the program. Lastly, the user can enter any positive integer at the menu, and the program will take the user's number and generate that many random sentences using the algorithm. If the user enterse any other value in the menu, they will be told that the input is invalid and taken back to the menu.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

NOTES:	

Project:

	This project is my submission for Course Project 2 for Professor Chiang's Theory of Computing course at the University of Notre Dame. More documentation can be found in my report.

Theory:

	These syllable counts and haikus can all be generated by my grammar given in the aforementioned report. The author cannot guarantee that all sentences will be **logical** or **appropriate**, but the syllable counts will be approximately correct as given by the program's calculations, and the haikus will be properly formed given said syllable counts.

Technology:

	This project was written with Python 2.7 on a Ubuntu Virtual Machine using Oracle VirtualBox on a Mac.
		

